>>> WELCOME BACK, EVERYONE.
SO, KATIE JONES AND AASANTE McGE
BOTH HAVE STORIES ABOUT R.E McGE
BOTH HAVE STORIES ABOUT R.
KELLY.
KATIE SAID SHE THOUGHT THEY WERE
IN LOVE AND IN A MONOGAMOUS WERE
IN LOVE AND IN A MONOGAMOUS
RELATIONSHIP.
SHE MOVED INTO HIS ATLANTA HOME
IN NOVEMBER 2011 AND SPENT TWOE
IN NOVEMBER 2011 AND SPENT TWO
YEARS THERE.
BUT THE RELATIONSHIP THEN BECAME
VIOLENT WITHIN WEEKS OF HER
ARRIVAL.
SHE SHARED DETAILS OF HER TIME
WITH R. KELLY IN HER BOOK, "IE
WITH R. KELLY IN HER BOOK, "I
WAS SOMEBODY BEFORE THIS."
WELCOME TO YOU BOTH.
WHAT A TITLE.
>> THANK YOU.
>> YOU WERE IN THE HOME FOR TWO
YEARS.
>> IT WAS IN ATLANTA.
ABOUT TWO WEEKS I HAD MOVED IN,
I HAD CONFRONTED HIM ABOUT AIN,
I HAD CONFRONTED HIM ABOUT A
VIDEOTAPE I HAD SAW.
IT WAS A GIRL HE INTRODUCED ME
TO.
AND THAT WAS THE FIRST TIME HE
BECAME ABUSIVE BECAUSE I NOTICED
THAT THE GIRL IN THE TAPE WASCED
THAT THE GIRL IN THE TAPE WAS
SOMEONE THAT HE HAD GONE TO
COURT FOR.
AND HE HAD INTRODUCED ME TO HER.
I DIDNT KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THE
INFORMATION.
>> JUST TO BE CLEAR, HE WENT TO
COURT ON CHILD PORNOGRAPHYNT TO
COURT ON CHILD PORNOGRAPHY
CHARGES.
THE PROSECUTORS ALLEGED HE WAS
HAVING SEX WITH A 14-YEAR-OLD.
HE WAS ACQUITTED BECAUSE THE
JURY SAID, WE CANT IDENTIFY
THAT WOMAN.
THEY DONT THINK THEY CAN PROVE
IT WAS A CHILD.
AND YOU KNOW THIS GIRL.
>> HE INTRODUCED ME TO HER.
THIS IS 2011.
SO, YEARS HAD GONE BY.
AND THIS PERSON IS AN OLDER
WOMAN NOW.
BUT WHEN I SAW THE VIDEOTAPE, I
REALIZED, THAT WAS THE SAME GIRL
HE HAD INTRODUCED ME TO.
>> HOW OLD DO YOU BELIEVE SHE
WAS IN THAT SEX TAPE?
>> WHEN I DID THE MATH, COMPARED
TO HOW OLD SHE WAS WHEN HE
INTRODUCED ME TO HER, IT LANDED
ON 14.
>> YOU BELIEVE HE WAS GUILTY OF
THAT CHARGE?VE HE WAS GUILTY OF
THAT CHARGE?
>> YES.
AND THATS WHEN HE ABUSED ME.
>> YOU SAY HE BECAME EXTREMELY
CONTROLLING.
HOW SO?
>> I HAD TO WEAR SWEAT PANTS.
I HAD TO STAND WHEN HE WALKED IN
A ROOM.
I HAD TO BE ON HIS PHONE PLAN.
I KNOW THE SAVAGES DID MENTION
THAT HE WOULD PUT A LOT OF HIS
GIRLFRIENDS ON HIS PHONE PLAN SO
HE CAN CONTROL WHO YOURE
TALKING TO, HOW OFTEN YOU TALK
TO YOUR FAMILY, WHAT YOURE
TEXTING, THINGS LIKE THAT.
>> IS IT TRUE HE CONTROLLED
THINGS AS LITTLE AS YOU UKWALKIN
OUT OF A ROOM, YOU USING THE
BATHROOM, YOU WANTING TO EAT?
>> YES.
>> HOW?
>> YOU WOULD HAVE TO SEND A TEXT
MESSAGE TO ONE OF HIS RUNNERS
ASKING, YOU KNOW, IF YOU CAN GO
TO THE RESTROOM.
AND THEN, THEY RELY THE
INFORMATION TO HIM.
YOU WERENT FREE TO WALK
THROUGHOUT THE HOUSE.
>> YOU HAD TO ASK PERMISSION TO
USE THE BATHROOM?
>> YES.
>> HE WOULD USE FOOD, YOU CLAIM,
AS A PUNISHMENT.FOOD, YOU CLAIM,
AS A PUNISHMENT.
>> RIGHT.
WHEN I MET HIM, I WAS ABOUT 130
POUNDS.
WHEN I LEFT, TWO YEARS LATER, I
WAS 107 POUNDS.O YEARS LATER, I
WAS 107 POUNDS.
>> HOW DOES SOMEBODY LIKE YOU, A
SUCCESSFUL DEEJAY, LIVING A
NORMAL LIFE, YOU MEET HIM AT
THIS PARTY.
HOW DID YOU GET SUCKED INTO THIS
SITUATION WHERE YOU AGREE TO THE
CRAZY TERMS?
THATS WHAT A LOT OF PEOPLE WILL
BE ASKING.
>> RIGHT.
IF YOU MET A GUY AT A GAS
STATION AND YOU THOUGHT, OKAY,
THIS IS GOING TO BE -- YOU DONT
HAVE THE EXPECTATIONS WHERE
YOU -- YOU JUST DONT THINK,
LIKE, WHEN YOU GO INTO SOMETHING
AND YOU GIVE UP THINGS AND YOU
COMPROMISE, IM GOING TO MOVE TO
ANOTHER CITY OR ANOTHER STATE,
YOU KNOW, FROM OUR RELATIONSHIP.
WHEN YOU GIVE THOSE THINGS UP,
AND FOR LOVE, YOU DONT EXPECT
THAT THAT PERSON IS GOING TO
TURN INTO SOMETHING ELSE.
YOURE JUST IN IT.
BY THE TIME I WALKED AWAY FROM
THOSE THINGS, I JUST -- I DELLTA
IN MY BOOK AND IT MAKES MORE
SENSE.
>> THEY REIN YOU IN BIT BY BIT.
>> WHEN I WAS THERE, I WAS INT.
>> WHEN I WAS THERE, I WAS IN
IT.
I GOT SUCKED INTO IT.
I FELT LIKE I DIDNT HAVE
ANYTHING ELSE TO GO BACK TO.
>> DID YOU HAVE A SIMILAR
EXPERIENCE WITH HIM?
>> I DID.
WHEN I FIRST MET HIM BACK IN
2013, DURING HIS TOUR, HE WAS A
BEAUTIFUL GUY.
HE MADE YOU LAUGH.
YOU NEVER SAW ANYTHING WRONG
WITH HIM, FLYING BACK AND FORTH
FOR TWO YEARS.
GOING TO SHOWS, HANGING OUT WITH
HIM.
HE WAS ALWAYS THIS FUNNY GUY.
IT WAS THE SUMMER OF 2016, THE
BEGINNING OF THE BUFFET TOUR, HE
PUT ME ON THE BUS FROM
CITY-TO-CITY, BACK IN DALLAS,
TEXAS, AND I ENDED UP IN
OKLAHOMA.
IN OKLAHOMA, ENDED UP IN
ATLANTA.OMA, ENDED UP IN
ATLANTA.
>> DID HE CONTROL YOU IN THE WAY
HE CONTROLLED KITTI?U IN THE WAY
HE CONTROLLED KITTI?
>> HE CONTROLLED ME ONCE I MOVED
IN.
>> HOW SO?
>> WHEN I WOULD JUST FLY IN BACK
AND FORTH, HE WAS SENDING ME
TEXTS.
FOR INSTANCE, I WANT TO SAY EAST
OF 2015, I WENT TO CHICAGO AND I
SAT IN THE HOTEL THREE DAYS
BEFORE HAVING CONTACT WITH HIM.
AND THE DAY I WAS ABOUT TO
LEAVE, HE JUST TEXTED ME OUT OF
THE BLUE AND SAID COME TO THE
STUDIO.
I CAUGHT AN UBER TO THE STUDIO.
I ARRIVED AT 10:00 IN THETUDIO.
I ARRIVED AT 10:00 IN THE
MORNING.
I TOLD HIM, IM HERE.
HE HAD HIS ASSISTANT PUT ME IN A
TRAVELING VAN.
I SAT THERE FROM 11:00 IN THE
MORNING TO 8:00 THAT NIGHT.
>> WHAT ABOUT, DID YOU HAVE TO
ASK PERMISSION TO GO TO THE
BATHROOM AND GET FOOD AND LEAVE
A ROOM?
>> WHEN I WAS ON THE SPRINTER, I
HAD WOULD TEXT HIM, DADDY, I
NEED TO USE THE RESTROOM?, I
NEED TO USE THE RESTROOM?
>> DADDY?
>> WE WERE REQUIRED TO CALL HIM
DADDY.
YOU WOULD ADDRESS HIM AS DADDY.
>> IF YOU DIDNT --
>> YOU WOULD GET IN TROUBLE IF
YOU DIDNT.
>> HOW MANY WOMEN -- YOU WERE
THERE MOST RECENTLY. YOU WERE
THERE MOST RECENTLY.
HOW MANY WOMEN ARE IN THE HOUSE?
>> AT THE TIME I WAS THERE, IT
WAS A TOTAL OF 4 OF US.
DID YOU SEE JOYCELYN?
>> I DID SEE JOYCELYN.
MY FIRST TIME SEEING JOYCELYN
WAS WHEN I WAS AT THE HOUSE.
THIS TIME, HE TOLD ME, WHEN YOU
ENTER A ROOM, YOU HAVE TO KNOCK
ON A DOOR AND WAIT FOR
PERMISSION FOR SOMEONE TO COME
IN.
>> DO YOU THINK JOYCELYN IS
THERE OF HER OWN FREE WILL?
>> I DONT.ER OWN FREE WILL?
>> I DONT.
>> YOU THINK SHES BEEN
BRAINWASHED? SHES BEEN
BRAINWASHED?
>> DEFINITELY.
HE MAKES YOU TURN -- HE PRETTY
MUCH SAYS YOUR FAMILYS JELLS
YOU JEALOUS.
YOURE HAPPY AND THAT THIS IS
WHAT YOU NEED TO DO.
IF YOU DISOBEY HIM, HE WOULD
FAKE CRY AND MAKE YOU
SYMPATHIZE.
>> HE GAVE US A STATEMENT.
HES CALLED THE ACCUSATIONS
UNJUST AND UNFAIR.
HE SAYS THE MEDIA HAVE NOT
SPOKEN TO ENOUGH WOMEN WHO
SUPPORT HIM.
AND IN A STATEMENT TO "VARIETY,"
HIS MANAGEMENT TEAM SAID.
KELLYS MUSIC IS A PART OF
AMERICAN AND AFRICAN-AMERICAN
CULTURE THAT WILL NEVER BE
SILENCED.
WE WILL VIGOROUSLY RESIST THE
ATTEMPTED PUBLIC LYNCHING OF A
BLACK MAN.PUBLIC LYNCHING OF A
BLACK MAN.
YOUR THOUGHTS THIS IS A PUBLIC
LYNCHING OF A BLACK MAN?
>> THATS BULL CRAP.
I MEAN, IM GOING TO BE HONEST.
>> IT TAKES A LOT OF STRENGTH
AND GUTS TO COME OUT AND SPEAK
PUBLICLY ABOUT FINDING YOURSELF
IN THIS SITUATION.
I KNOW ITS NOT EASY.
THANK YOU FOR DOING SO.
GOOD LUCK WITH THE BOOK.
>> THANK YOU.
THE BOOK HAS BEEN TURNED INTO A
FILM.
MY BOOK RIGHTS WERE SOLD.
>> ITS AN IMPORTANT STORY.
>> THANK YOU.
I GO INTO DETAIL IN THE BOOK.